2008年6月大学英语六级(CET-6)真题试卷

Part Ⅰ                       Writing                 (30 minutes)
注意：此部分试题在答题卡1上。
Directions:	For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay entitled Will E-books Replace Traditional Books? You should write at least 150 words following the outline given below.
1.随着信息技术的发展，电子图书越来越多
2.有人认为电子图书会取代传统图书，理由是……
3.我的看法
Will E-books Replace Traditional Books?
　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　     
Part II     Reading  Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning)  (15minutes)
Directions: In this part, you will have 15 minutes to go over the passage quickly and answer the questions on Answer Sheet 1. For questions 1-7, choose the best answer from the four choices marked [A], [B], [C] and [D]. For questions 8-10, complete the sentences with the information given in the passage.
What will the world be like in fifty years?
    This week some top scientists, including Nobel Prize winners, gave their vision of how the world will look in 2056,fron gas-powered cars to extraordinary health advances, John Ingham reports on what the world’s finest minds believe our futures will be.
    For those of us lucky enough to live that long,2056 will be a world of almost perpetual youth, where obesity is a remote memory and robots become our companions.
    We will be rubbing shoulders with aliens and colonizing outer space. Better still, our descendants might at last live in a world at peace with itself.
    The prediction is that we will have found a source of inexbaustible, safe, green energy, and that science will have killed off religion. If they are right we will have removed two of the main causes of war-our dependence on oil and religious prejudice.
    Will we really, as today’s scientists claim, be able to live for ever or at least cheat the ageing process so that the average person lives to 150?
    Of course, all these predictions come with a scientific health warning. Harvard professor Steven Pinker says: “This is an invitation to look foolish, as with the predictions of domed cities and nuclear-powered vacuum cleaners that were made 50 year ago.”
Living longer
    Anthony Atala, director of the Wake Forest Institute in North Carolina, belives failing organs will be repaired by injecting cells into the body. They will naturally to straight to the injury and help heal it. A system of injections without needles could also slow the ageing process by using the same process to “tune” cells.
    Bruce Lahn, professor of human genetics at the University of Chicago, anticipates the ability to produce“unlimited supplies” of transplantable human organs without the needed a new organ, such as kidney, the surgeon would contact a commercial organ producer, give him the patient’s immuno-logical profile and would then be sent a kidney with the correct tissue type.
    These organs would be entirely composed of human cells, grown by introducing them into animal hosts, and alloweing them to deveoop into and organ in place of the animal’s own. But Prof. Lahn believes that farmed brains would be “off limits”.He says: “Very few people would want to have their brains replaced by someone else’s and we probably don’t want to put a human brain ing an animal body.”
    Richard Miller, a professor at the University of Michigan, thinks scientist could develop“an thentic anti-ageing drugs” by working out how cells in larger animals such as whales and human resist many forms of injuries. He says:“It’s is now routine, in laboratory mammals, to extend lifespan by about 40%. Turning on the same protective systems in people should, by 2056, create the first class of 100-year-olds who are as vigorous and productive as today’s people in their 60s”
Aliens
    Conlin Pillinger ,professor of planerary sciences at the Open University,says:”I fancy that at least we will be able to show that life didi start to evolve on Mars well as Earth.”Within 50years he hopes scientists will prove that alien life came here in Martian meteorites(陨石).
    Chris McKay,a planetary scientist at NASA’s Ames Research Center.believes that in 50 years we may find evidence of alien life in ancient permanent forst of Mars or on other planers.
    He adds:”There is even a chance we will find alien life forms here on Earth.It mightbe as different as English is to Chinese.
    Priceton professor Freeman Dyson thinks it “likely” that life form outer space will be discovered defore 2056 because the tools for finding it, such as optical and radio detection and data processing,are improving.
    He ays:”As soon as the first evidence is found,we will know what to look for and additional discoveries are likely to follow quickly.Such discoveries are likely to have revolutionary consequences for biology, astronomy and philosophy. They may change the way we look at ourselves and our place in the universe.
Colonies in space
    Richard Gottprofessor of astrophysics at Princeton,hopes man will set up a self-sufficient colony on Mars,which would be a “life insurance policy against whatever catastrophes,natural or otherwise,might occur on Earth.
    “The real space race is whether we will colonise off Earth on to other worlds before money for the space programme runs out.”
Spinal injuries
    Ellen Heber-Katz,a professor at the Wistar Institude in Philadelphia,foresees cures for inijuries causing paralysis such as the one that afflicated Superman star Christopher Reeve.
    She says:”I believe that the day is not far off when we will be able to profescribe drugs that cause severes(断裂的) spinal cords to heal,hearts to regenerate and lost limbs to regrow.
    “People will come to expect that injured or diseased organs are meant to be repaired from within,inmuch the same way that we fix an appliance or automobile:by replancing the damaged part with a manufacturer-certified new part.”She predict that within 5 to 10 years fingers and toes will be regrown and limbs will start to be regrown a few years later. Reparies to the nervous system will start with optic nerves and,in time,the spinal cord.”Within 50years whole body replacement will be routine,”Prof.Heber-Katz adds.
Obesity
    Sydney Brenner,senior distinguished fellow of the Crick-Jacobs Center in California,won the 2002 Noblel Prize for Medicine and says that if there is a global disaster some humans will survive-and evolition will favour small people with bodies large enough to support the required amount of brain power.”Obesity,”he says.”will have been solved.”
Robots
    Rodney Brooks,professor of robotice at MIT,says the problems of developing artificial intelligence for robots will be at least partly overcome.As a result,”the possibilities for robots working with people will open up immensely”
Energy
    Bill Joy,green technology expert in Califomia,says:”The most significant breakthrought would be to have an inexhaustible source of safe,green energy that is substantially cheaper than any existing energy source.”
    Ideally,such a source would be safe in that it could not be made into weapons and would not make hazardous or toxic waste or carbon dioxide,the main greenhouse gas blamed for global warming.   
Society
    Geoffrey Miller,evolutionary psychologist at the University of New Mexico,says:”The US will follow the UKin realizing that religion is nor a prerequisite (前提)for ordinary human decency.
    “This,science will kill religion-not by reason challenging faith but by offering a more practical,uniwersal and rewarding moral frameworkfor human interaction.”
    He also predicts that “ahsurdly wasteful”displays of wealth will become umfashionable while the importance of close-knit communities and families will become clearer.
    These there changer,he says,will help make us all”brighe\ter,wiser,happier and kinder”.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡1上作答。
1. What is john lngham’s report about?
   A)A solution to the global energy crisis
   B)Extraordinary advances in technology.
   C)The latest developments of medical science
   D)Scientists’vision of the world in halfa century
 
2. According to Harvard professor Steven Pinker,predictions about the future_____.
   A)may invite trouble
   B)may not come true 
   C)will fool the public
   D)do more harm than good

3. Professor Bruce Lahn of the University of Chicago predicts that____.
   A)humans won’t have to donate organs for transplantation
   B)more people will donate their organs for transplantation
   C)animal organs could be transplanted into human bodies
   D)organ transplantation won’t be as scary as it is today

4. According to professor Richard Miller of the University of Michigarr, prople will____.
   A)life for as long as they wish
   B)be relieved from all sufferings
   C) life to 100 and more with vitality
   D)be able to live longer than whales

5. Priceton professor Freeman Syson thinks that____.
   A)scientists will find alien life similar to ours
   B)humans will be able to settle on Mars
   C)alien life will likely be discovered
   D)life will start to evolve on Mars

6. According to Princeton professor Richard Gott,by setting up a self-sufficient colony on Mars,
Humans_____.
  A)Might survie allcatastrophes on earth
  B)Might acquire ample natural resources
  C)Will be able to travel to Mars freely
  D)Will move there to live a better life

7. Ellen Heber-Katz, professor at the Wistar Institue in Philadelpia,predicts that_____.
  A)human organs can bu manufactured like appliances
  B)people will be as strong and dymamic as supermen
  C) human nerves can be replanced by optic fibers
  D)lost fingers and limbs will be able to regrow
8. rodney Brooks says that it will be possible for robots to work with humans as a result or the  development of__artificaial intelligence for robots_____
9. The most significant breakthrough predicted by Bill joy will be an inexhaustible green energy source that can’t be used to make__pollutions___________
10. According to Geoffrey Miller, science will offer a more practical, universal and rewarding moral framework in place of _________religion_______

Part III        Listening Comprehension        (35 minutes)
Section A 
Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.

注意: 此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答

11. A) The man might be able to play in the World Cup.
   B) The man’s football career seems to be at an end.
   C) The man was operated on a few weeks ago.
   D) The man is a fan of world-famous football players.

12. A) Work out a plan to tighten his budget 
   B) Find out the opening hours of the cafeteria.
   C) Apply for a senior position in the restaurant.
   D) Solve his problem by doing a part-time job.

13. A) A financial burden.                  C) A real nuisance.
   B) A good companion                  D) A well-trained pet.

14. A) The errors will be corrected soon.      C) The computing system is too complex.
   B) The woman was mistaken herself.      D) He has called the woman several times.

15. A) He needs help to retrieve his files.      C) He needs some time to polish his paper.
   B) He has to type his paper once more.     D) He will be away for a two-week conference.

16. A) They might have to change their plan.
   B) He has got everything set for their trip.
   C) He has a heavier workload than the woman.
   D) They could stay in the mountains until June 8.

17. A) They have wait a month to apply for a student loan.
   B) They can find the application forms in the brochure.
   C) They are not eligible for a student loan.
   D) They are not late for a loan application.

18. A) New laws are yet to be made to reduce pollutant release.
   B) Pollution has attracted little attention from the public.
   C) The quality of air will surely change for the better.
   D) It’ll take years to bring air pollution under control.

Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
19. A) Enormous size of its stores.            C) Its appealing surroundings.
   B) Numerous varieties of food.            D) Its rich and colorful history.

20. A) An ancient building.                  C) An Egyptian museum.
   B) A world of antiques.                  D) An Egyptian Memorial.

21. A) Its power bill reaches $9 million a year.
   B) It sells thousands of light bulbs a day.
   C) It supplies power to a nearby town.
   D) It generates 70% of the electricity it uses.

22. A) 11,500                             C) 250,000
   B) 30,000                             D) 300,000

Questions 23 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
23. A) Transferring to another department.      C) Thinking about doing a different job.
   B) Studying accounting at a university      D) Making preparation for her wedding.

24. A) She has finally got a promotion and a pay raise.
   B) She has got a satisfactory job in another company.
   C) She could at last leave the accounting department.
   D) She managed to keep her position in the company.

25. A) He and Andrea have proved to be a perfect match.
   B) He changed his mind about marriage unexpectedly.
   C) He declared that he would remain single all his life.
   D) He would marry Andrea even without meeting her.

Section B
Directions:In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 26 to 29 are based on the passage you have just heard.

26.A) They are motorcycles designated for water sports.
   B) They are speedy boats restricted in narrow waterways.
   C) They are becoming an efficient form of water transportation.
   D) They are getting more popular as a means or water recreation.

27.A)  Waterscooter operators’ lack  of experience.
   B)  Vacationers’ disregard of water safety rules.
   C)  Overloading of small boats and other craft.
   D)  Carelessness of people boating along the shore.

28.A) They scare whales to death.     C) They discharge toxic emissions.
   B)They produce too much noise.   D) They endanger lots of water life.

29.A) Expand operating areas.        C) Limit the use of waterscooters.
   B) Restrict operating hours.       D) Enforce necessary regulations.

Passage Two
Questions 30 to 32 are based on the passage you have just heard.
30.A) They are stable.                C) They are strained.
   C) They are close.                 D) They are changing.

31.A) They are fully occupied with their own business.
   B) Not many of them stay in the same place for long.
   C) Not many of them can win trust from their neighbors.
   D) They attach less importance to interpersonal relations.

32.A) Count on each other for help.       C) Keep a friendly distance.
   B) Give each other a cold shoulder.     D) Build a fence between them.

Passage Three
Questions 33 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.

33.A) It may produce an increasing number of idle youngsters.
   B) It may affect the quality of higher education in America.
   C) It may cause many schools to go out of operation.
   D) It may lead to a lack of properly educated workers.
34．A）It is less serious in cities than in rural areas.
    B)It affects both junior and senior high schools.
    C)It results from a worsening economic climate.
D)It is a new challenge facing American educators.

35. A)Allowing them to choose their favorite teachers.
   B)Creating a more relaxed learning environment.
   C)Rewarding excellent academic performance.
   D)Helping them to develop better study habits.

Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from 36 to 43 with the exact words you have just heard. For blanks numbered from 44 to 46 you are required to fill in the missing information. For these blanks, you can either use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your own words. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.
 

注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。

   Compound Dictation
I'm interested in the criminal justice system of our country. It seems to me that something has to be done if we are to (36)         as a country. I certainly don't know what the answers to our problems are. Things certainly get (37)        in a hurry when you get into them. But I wonder if something couldn't be done to deal with some of these problems. One thing I'm concerned about is our practice of putting (38)       in jail who haven't harmed anyone. Why not work out some system (39)       they can pay back the debts they owe society instead of (40)        another debt by going to prison, and of course, coming under the (41)         of hardened criminals? I'm also concerned about the short prison sentences people are (42)        for serious crimes. Of course, one alternative to this is to (43)         capital punishment, but I'm not sure I would be for that. I'm not sure it's right to take an eye for an eye. (44)                     . I also think we must do something about the insanity plea. In my opinion, anyone who takes another person’s life intentionally is insane; however (45)                   It’s sad, of course, that a person may have to spend the rest of his life, or (46)                                  .

Part IV Reading Comprehension （Reading in Depth） （25 minutes）
Section A 
Directions:	In this section, there is a short passage with 5 questions or incomplete statements. Read the passage carefully. Then answer the questions or complete statements in the fewest possible words. Please write your answers on Answer Sheet 2.
Questions 47 to 51 are based on the following passage.
    if movie trailers(预告片)are supposed to cause a reaction, the preview for "United 93" more than succeeds. Featuring no famous actors, it begins with images of a beautiful morning and passengers boarding an airplane. It takes you a minute to realize what the movie's even about. That’s when a plane hits the World Trade Center. the effect is visceral(震撼心灵的). When the trailer played before "Inside Man" last week at a Hollywood theater, audience members began calling out, "Too soon!" In New York City, the response was even more dramatic. The Loews theater in Manhattan took the rare step of pulling the trailer from its screens after several complaints.
    "United 93" is the first feature film to deal explicitly with the events of September 11, 2001, and is certain to ignite an emotional debate. Is it too soon? Should the film have been made at all? More to the point, will anyone want to see it? Other 9/11 projects are on the way as the fifth anniversary of the attacks approaches, most notably Oliver Stone's " World Trade Center." but as the forerunner, "United 93"will take most of the heat, whether it deserves it or not.
    The real United 93 crashed in a Pennsylvania field after 40 passengers and crew fought back against the terrorists. Writer-director Paul Greengrass has gone to great lengths to be respectful in his depiction of what occurred, proceeding with the film only after securing the approval of every victim's family. "Was I surprised at the agreement? Yes. Very. Usually there’re one or two families who're more reluctant," Greengrass writes in an e-mail. "I was surprised at the extraordinary way the United 93 families have welcomed us into their lives and shared their experiences with us." Carole O'Hare, a family member, says, "They were very open and honest with us, and they made us a part of this whole project." Universal, which is releasing the film, plans to donate 10% of its opening weekend gross to the Flight 93 National Memorial Fund. That hasn't stopped criticism that the studio is exploiting a national tragedy. O'Hare thinks that's unfair. "This story has to be told to honor the passengers and crew for what they did," she says. "But more than that, it raises awareness. Our ports aren't secure. Our borders aren't secure. Our airlines still aren't secure, and this is what happens when you're not secure. That’s the message I want people to hear."
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答
47. The trailer for "United 93" succeeded in causing a reaction when it played in the theaters in  Hollywood and  New York City.
48. The movie "United 93" is sure to give rise to an emotional debate.
49. What did writer-director Paul Greengrass obtain before he proceeded with the movie?
   the approval of every victim’s family
50. Universal, which is releasing "United 93", has been criticized for exploiting a national tragedy.
51. Carole O’Hare thinks that besides honoring the passengers and crew for what they did, the purpose of  telling the story is to raise the awareness about security.

Section B
Directions:There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 52 to 56 are based on the following passage.
    Imagine waking up and finding the value of your assets has been halved. No, you’re not an investor in one of those hedge funds that failed completely. With the dollar slumping to a 26-year low against the pound, already-expensive London has become quite unaffordable. A coffee at Starbucks, just as unavoidable in England as it is in the United States, runs about $8.
    The once all-powerful dollar isn’t doing a Titanic against just the pound. It is sitting at a record low against the euro and at a 30-year low against the Canadian dollar. Even the Argentine peso and Brazilian real are thriving against the dollar.
    The weak dollar is a source of humiliation, for a nation’s self-esteem rests in part on the strength of its currency. It’s also a potential economic problem, since a declining dollar makes imported food more expensive and exerts upward pressure on interest rates. And yet there are substantial sectors of the vast U.S. economy-from giant companies like Coca-Cola to mom-and-pop restaurant operators in Miami-for which the weak dollar is most excellent news.
    Many Europeans may view the U.S. as an arrogant superpower that has become hostile to foreigners. But nothing makes people think more warmly of the U.S. than a weak dollar. Through April, the total number of visitors from abroad was up 6.8 percent from last year. Should the trend continue, the number of tourists this year will finally top the 2000 peak? Many Europeans now apparently view the U.S. the way many Americans view Mexico-as a cheap place to vacation, shop and party, all while ignoring the fact that the poorer locals can’t afford to join the merrymaking. 
    The money tourists spend helps decrease our chronic trade deficit. So do exports, which thanks in part to the weak dollar, soared 11 percent between May 2006 and May 2007. For first five months of 2007, the trade deficit actually fell 7 percent from 2006.
    If you own shares in large American corporations, you’re a winner in the weak-dollar gamble. Last week Coca-Cola’s stick bubbled to a five-year high after it reported a fantastic quarter. Foreign sales accounted for 65 percent of Coke’s beverage business. Other American companies profiting from this trend include McDonald’s and IBM.
    American tourists, however, shouldn’t expect any relief soon. The dollar lost strength the way many marriages break up- slowly, and then all at once. And currencies don’t turn on a dime. So if you want to avoid the pain inflicted by the increasingly pathetic dollar, cancel that summer vacation to England and look to New England. There, the dollar is still treated with a little respect.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。

52. Why do Americans feel humiliated?
   A) Their economy is plunging                      B) They can’t afford trips to Europe
   C) Their currency has slumped                      D) They have lost half of their assets.

53.How does the current dollar affect the life of ordinary Americans?
   A)They have to cancel their vacations in New England.
   B)They find it unaffordable to dine in mom-and-pop restaurants.
   C)They have to spend more money when buying imported goods.
   D)They might lose their jobs due to potential economic problems.

54 How do many Europeans feel about the U.S with the devalued dollar?
   A)They feel contemptuous of it
   B)They are sympathetic with it.
   C)They regard it as a superpower on the decline.
   D)They think of it as a good tourist destination.

55 what is the author’s advice to Americans?
   A.They treat the dollar with a little respect
   B.They try to win in the weak-dollar gamble
   C.They vacation at home rather than abroad
   D.They treasure their marriages all the more.

56 What does the author imply by saying “currencies don’t turn on a dime” (Line 2,Para 7)?
   A.The dollar’s value will not increase in the short term.
   B.The value of a dollar will not be reduced to a dime
   C.The dollar’s value will drop, but within a small margin.
   D.Few Americans will change dollars into other currencies.

Passage Two
Questions 57 to 61 are based on the following passage.
     In the college-admissions wars, we parents are the true fights. We are pushing our kids to get good grades, take SAT preparatory courses and build resumes so they can get into the college of our first choice. I’ve twice been to the wars, and as I survey the battlefield, something different is happening. We see our kids’ college background as e prize demonstrating how well we’ve raised them. But we can’t acknowledge that our obsession(痴迷) is more about us than them. So we’ve contrived various justifications that turn out to be half-truths, prejudices or myths. It actually doesn’t matter much whether Aaron and Nicole go to Stanford.
     We have a full-blown prestige panic; we worry that there won’t be enough prizes to go around. Fearful parents urge their children to apply to more schools than ever. Underlying the hysteria(歇斯底里) is the belief that scarce elite degrees must be highly valuable. Their graduates must enjoy more success because they get a better education and develop better contacts. All  that is plausible——and mostly wrong. We haven’t found any convincing evidence that selectivity or prestige matters. Selective schools don’t systematically employ better instructional approaches than less selective schools. On two measures——professors’ feedback and the number of essay exams——selective schools do slightly worse.
     By some studies, selective schools do enhance their graduates’ lifetime earnings. The gain is reckoned at 2-4% for every 100-poinnt increase in a school’s average SAT scores. But even this advantage is probably a statistical fluke(偶然). A well-known study examined students who got into highly selective schools and then went elsewhere. They earned just as much as graduates from higher-status schools.
     Kids count more than their colleges.Getting into yale may signify intellgence,talent and Ambition. But it’s not the only indicator and,paradoxically,its significance is declining.The reason:so many similar people go elsewhere.Getting into college is not life only competiton.Old-boy networks are breaking down.princeton economist Alan Krueger studied admissions to one top Ph.D.program.High scores on the GRE helpd explain who got in;degrees of prestigious universities didn’t.
     So,parents,lighten up.the stakes have been vastly exaggerated.up to a point,we can rationalize our pushiness.America is a competitive society;our kids need to adjust to that.but too much pushiness can be destructive.the very ambition we impose on our children may get some into Harvard but may also set them up for disappointment.one study found that,other things being equal,graduates of highly selective schools experienced more job dissatisfaction.They may have been so conditioned to deing on top that anything less disappoints.
注意 此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
57.Why dose the author say that parengs are the true fighters in the college-admissions wars?
      A.They have the final say in which university their children are to attend.
      B.They know best which universities are most suitable for their children.
      C.they have to carry out intensive surveys of colleges before children make an application.
      D.they care more about which college their children go to than the children themselves.
58.Why do parents urge their children to apply to more school than ever?
      A.they want to increase their children chances of entering a prestigious college.
      B.they hope their children can enter a university that offers attractive scholarships.
      C.Their children eill have have a wider choice of which college to go to.
      D.Elite universities now enroll fewer syudent than they used to.
59.What does the author mean by kids count more than their college(Line1,para.4?
      A.Continuing education is more important to a person success.
      B.A person happiness should be valued more than their education.
      C.Kids actual abilities are more importang than their college background.
      D.What kids learn at college cannot keep up with job market requirements.
60.What does Krueger study tell us?
      A.GETting into Ph.d.programs may be more competitive than getting into college.
      B.Degrees of prestigious universities do not guarantee entry to graduate programs.
      C.Graduates from prestigious universities do not care much about their GRE scores.
      D.Connections built in prestigious universities may be sustained long after graduation.
61.One possible result of pushing children into elite universities is that______
      A.they earb less than their peers from other institutions
      B.they turn out to be less competitive in the job market
      C.they experience more job dissatisfaction after graduation
      D.they overemphasize their qualifications in job application
Part V 								Cloze         				（15 minutes）
Directions:	There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each blank there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D) on the right side of the paper. You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
Seven years ago, when I was visiting Germany, I Met with an official who explained to me that the country had a perfect solution to its economic problems. Watching the U.S. economy ___62___ during the ‘90s, the Germans had decided that they, too, needed to go the high-technology ___63___. But how? In the late ‘90s, the answer schemed obvious. Indians. ___64___ all, Indian entrepreneurs accounted for one of every three Silicon Valley start-ups. So the German government decided that it would ___65___ Indians to Term any just as America does by ___66___ green cards. Officials created something called the German Green Card and ___67___ that they would issue 20,000 in the first year. ___68___, the Germans expected that tens of thousands more Indians would soon be begging to come, and perhaps the ___69___ would have to be increased. But the program was a failure. A year later ___70___ half of the 20,000 cards had been issued. After a few extensions, the program was ___71___.I told the German official at the time that I was sure the ___72___ would fail. It’s not that I had any particular expertise in immigration policy, ___73___ I understood something about green cards, because I had one (the American ___74___). The German Green Card was mismand,I argued,__75__it never,under any circumtances,translated into German citizenship.The U.S.green card,by contrast,is an almost__76__path to becoming American (after five years and a clean record).The official__77__my objection,saying that there was no way Germany was going to offer these peoplecitizenship.”we need young tach workers,”he said.”that’s what this pro-gram is all __78__.”so Germany was asking bright young__79__to leavetheir country,culture and families,move thousands of miles away,learn a new language and work in a strange land—but without any__80__of ever being part of their new home.Germany was senging a  signal, one that was ___81___ received in India and other countries, and also by Germany’s own immigrant community.         


62.   A) soar                        C) amplify
      B) hover                       D) intensify

63.   A) circuit                      C) trait
      B) strategy                     D) route

64.   A) Of                         C) In
     B) After                        D) At
65.   A) import                      C) convey
      B) kidnap                      D) lure

66.   A) offering                    C) evacuating
      B) installing                   D) formulating

67.   A) conferred                   C) announced
      B) inferred                    D) verified

68.   A) Specially                   C) Particularly
      B) Naturally                   D) Consistently

69.   A) quotas                       C) measures
      B) digits                       D) scales

70.   A) invariably                   C) barely
      B) literally                     D) solely

71.   A) repelled                    C) combated
      B) deleted                     D) abolished

72.   A) adventure                   C) initiative
      B) response                   D) impulse

73.   A) and                      C) so
      B) but                      D) or

74.  A) heritage               B) revision        
C) notion                  D) version
 
75 A)because     B)unless      C)if             D)while
76 A)aggressive   B)automatic   C)vulnerable     D)voluntary
77 A)overtook    B)fascinated   C)submitted      D)dismissed
78 A)towards     B)round      C)about          D)over
79 A)dwellers    B)citizens     C)professionals    D)amateurs
80 A)prospect    B)suspicion    C)outcome       D)destination
81 A)partially    B)clearly      C)brightly        D)vividly
Part Ⅵ               Translation                 (5 minutes)
Directions:	Complete the sentences by translating into English the Chinese given in brackets. Please write your translation on Answer Sheet 2.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答，只需写出译文部分。
82.   We can say a lot of things about those who have spent their whole lives on poems                          　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　_____________________________ (毕生致力于诗歌的人): they are passionate, impulsive, and unique.
83.   Mary couldn’t have received my letter, or she should have replied to me last week　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 (否则她上周就该回信了).
84.   Nancy is supposed to have finished her chemistry experiments 　　　　　　　　　　(做完化学实验) at least two weeks ago.
85.   Never once has the old couple quarreled with each other 　　　　　　　　　　　(老两口互相争吵) since they were married 40 years ago.
86.   The prosperity of a nation is largely dependent upon　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 (一个国家未来的繁荣在很大程度上有赖于) the quality of education of its people

2008年6月大学英语六级(CET-6)参考答案

Part 1 Writing
范文一

Recent decades have seen the rapid development of information technology, and thereby E-books have wound their way into our daily life. Because of the wide and quick popularity of E-books, there has been an increasing controversy over the question of whether E-books will replace traditional books or not.

Many people hold the idea that it will not take long for E-books to replace traditional books because E-books have quite a few advantages over traditional ones. First, E-books are more accessible to readers, because the readers just need to log onto the internet and read online. Second, thanks to the advanced technology, the cost of E-books is much lower, so it takes readers far less money to buy E-books. Last but not the least, reading E-books has developed into part of our daily life, which is particularly appealing to young users, who are the body part of the users of electronic products.

As far as I’m concerned, it is not likely for E-books to replace traditional books for lots of reasons. For example, long time of reading E-books will do more harm to our eyes, and readers will find themselves more accessible to printed materials because computers and the internet haven’t yet been popularized to every corner of our life.

范文二

E-books, or electronic books, have the same information and need the same reading experience as the traditional books, which you actually hold in your hands. E-books have so many benefits that they will replace traditional books.

E-books can be created on a shoestring budget while the authors of traditional books will have to overcome a tough sales target before they even consider making a profit on the book. E-books are quicker to create because they could be written and published in as little as a week while the time span between starting a traditional book and writing it could take around a year or two. E-books are easier to target a wide market because they may be sold on the Internet to anyone with a credit card and an Internet connection in any place in the world, while with a traditional book it may be difficult to expand to new markets, since it will involve further significant costs on distribution and marketing.

To conclude, E-books are a very valuable tool that could be used as a profit centre, as a publishing tool or as a marketing tool. They have many advantages over the traditional books. E-books will replace traditional books.

Part 2 Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning)
1. D) Scientists’ vision of the world in half a century.
2 C)will fool the public
3. A) humans won’t have to donate organs for transplantation
4. C) live to 100 and more with vitality
5. C) alien life will likely be discovered
6. A ) might survive all catastrophes on earth
7. D) lost fingers and limbs will be able to regrow
8. artificial intelligence
9. weapons
（A）Religion

Part 3 Listening Comprehension
Section A

11. D) The man is a fan of world-famous football players.
12. D) Solve his problem by doing a part-time job.
13. C) A real nuisance.
14. A) The errors will be corrected soon.
15. B) He has to type his paper once more.
16. A) They might have to change their plan.
17. D) They are not late for a loan application.
18. C) The quality of air will surely change for the better.
19. B) Numerous varieties of food.
20. B) A world of antiques.
21. D) It generates 70% of the electricity it uses.
22. B) 30,000
23. C) Thinking about doing a different job.
24. A) She has finally got a promotion and a pay raise.
25. B) He changed his mind about marriage unexpectedly.

Section B
Passage 1
26. D) They are getting more popular as a means of water recreation.
27. A) Water scooter operators lack of experience.
28. B) They produce too much noise.
29. D) Enforce necessary regulations.

Passage 2
30. D) They are changing.
31. B) Not many of them stay in the same place for long.
32. C) Keep a friendly distance.

Passage 3
33. D) It may lead to a lack of properly educated workers.
34. B) It affects both junior and senior high schools.
35. C) Rewarding excellent academic performance.

Section C
36. survive
37. complicated
38. offenders
39. whereby
40. incurring
41. influence
42. serving
43. restore
44. The alternative to capital punishment is longer sentences. But they would certainly cost the tax payers much money.
45. that does not mean that person isn't guilty of the crime, or that he shouldn't pay society the debt he owes.
46. a large part of it in prison for acts that he committed while not in full control of his mind.

Part 4 Reading in Depth

Section A

47. causing a reaction
48. an emotional debate
49. The approval of every victim’s family
50. exploiting a national tragedy
51. raise awareness

Section B
Passage 1
52. B) Their currency has slumped.
53. C) They have to spend more money when buying imported goods.
54. D) They think of it as a good tourist destination.
55. C) They vacation at home rather than abroad.
56. A) The dollar’s value will not increase in the short term.

Passage 2
57. D) They care more about which college their children go to than the children themselves.
58. A) They want to increase their children’s chances of entering a prestigious college.
59. C) Kid’s actual abilities are more important than their college backgrounds.
60. B) Degrees of prestigious universities do not guarantee entry to graduate programs.
61. C) they experience more job dissatisfaction after graduation

Part 5 Cloze
62. A) soar
63. D) route
64. A) Of
65. A) import
66. A) offering
67. C) announced
68. D) Consistently
69. A) quotas
70. C) barely
71. D) abolished
72. C) initiative
73. B) but
74. D) version
75. A) because
76. B) automatic
77. D) dismissed
78. C) about
79. C) professionals
80. A) prospect
81. B) clearly

Part 6 Translation
82. We can say a lot of things about those who are devoted to poems in their whole lives (毕生致力于诗歌的人): they are passionate, impulsive and unique.

83. Mary couldn’t have received my letter, or she should have made a reply last week. (否则她上周就该回信了).

84. Nancy is supposed to have finished her chemistry experiment(做完化学实验) at least two weeks ago.

85. Never once has the old couple quarreled with each other (老两口相互争吵)since they were married 40 years ago.

86. The prosperity of a nation depends largely on (一个国家未来的繁荣在很大程度上有赖于) the quality of education.







完整版答案解析(图片版)

















































2008年6月英语六级真题听力原文
Section A 
11. M: Good news, I’m not going to have surgery after all. The doctor says I can start working out again soon and maybe play football like before in a few weeks.
   W: That’s terrific. It would be great if you could get back in shape in time for the World Cup.
   Q: What do we learn from the conversation?
12. M: I really need to make some extra money. You know I’ve practically spent my entire budget for this semester.
   W: Why not check out the new cafeteria at Market Street? I think there are still a few openings suitable for seniors like you.
   Q: What does the woman suggest the man do?
13. M: I hear John left his cat in your care while he’s on vacation abroad. How are you getting along with it?
   W: Well, it never comes when I call it. It spills its food and sheds all over the place. I can’t wait till John gets back.
   Q: How does the woman find the cat?
14. W: Hello, Professor White, I got my grade in the mail this morning, but I think there might be a mistake in my mark.
   M: Yeah, I’ve got several calls just like yours. There must be a problem with the computing system. It should be straightened out in a couple of hours.
   Q: What does the man mean?
15. M: Professor Johnson, last night when I was putting the finishing touches on my paper, a computer failure completely wiped out my files, do you think I can have another day to retype it?
   W: I’m sorry, Rod. I’m leaving for a conference tomorrow and I’ll be away two weeks. I suppose you could send me an E-copy.
   Q: Why does the man say he can’t submit his assignment on time?
16. W: I just called the travel agency, it’s all set. On June l st, we are heading for the mountains and will be camping there for a whole week.
   M: Have you checked the academic calendar? My classes aren’t over until the 8th.
   Q: What does the man imply?
17. W: I thought there was still time for me to apply for a student loan. But someone just told me that the closing date was last Tuesday.
   M: Are you sure? I thought we still had another month. Wait, I’ve got a brochure right here. Last Tuesday was the opening date.
   Q: What does the man imply?
18. W: Look at all the pollutants going into the air from those factories. Do you think they’ll ever get that under control?
   M: Now with the new laws in effect and social awareness increasing, we are sure to turn things around.
   Q: What does the man mean?
Conversation One
W: Tell me, Peter, what makes Harrods so famous?
M: Well, it’s the biggest department store in the UK. And its food hall and the Egyptian hall are very famous. People come to Harrods just to see them.
W: What is special about the food hall?
M: It sells many different kinds of food. For example, it has 250 kinds of cheese from all over the world and more than 180 kinds of bread. Customers also love all the different kinds of chocolate. They buy a hundred tons every year.
W: That’s amazing! And why is the Egyptian hall so famous?
M: Well, when people see it, they feel they are in another world. It looks like in Egyptian building from 4,000 years ago. And it sells beautiful objects. They are not 4,000 years old, of course.
W: Is it true that Harrods produces its own electricity?
M: Yes, it does.70%, enough for a small town. To light the outside of the building, we use 11,500 light bulbs.
W: Really? Tell me, how many customers do you have on an average day? And how much do they spend?
M: About 30,000 people come on an average day. But during the sales, the number increases to 300,000 customers a day. How much do they spent? Well, on average, customers spend about 1.5 million pounds a day. The record for one day is nine million pounds.
W: Nine million pounds in one day?
M: Yes, on the first day of the January sales.
W: Harrods says it sells everything to everybody, everywhere. Is that really true?
M: Oh, yes. of course! Absolutely everything!
19. What is the food hall of Harrods noted for?
20. What does the Egyptian hall seem like to the customers?
21. What may customers find surprising about Harrods?
22. About how many customers come to Harrods on an average day?
Conversation Two
W: Hi Kevin! 
M: Hi Laura, long time no see! What have you been up to lately?
W: Not much. I can assure you. And you?
M: Much the same except I do have some big news.
W: Come on. This suspense is killing me.
M: No, really, what have you been doing these past few weeks? The last time I saw you, you were looking for a new job.
W: Well, that’s not exactly true. I was thinking about changing jobs. Luckily, they offered me a new position in the accounting department.
M: A step up in the big business world.
W: I wouldn’t exaggerate, but I am pleased. I had been hoping to get a promotion for a while. So when it finally came through, I was relieved. Actually, that’s why I was looking for a new job. I just didn’t want to work there anymore if they weren’t going to recognize my efforts.
M: Right, sometimes you can do your best and it seems like the others don’t know you exist. I hope the money’s better.
W: I got a reasonable raise, now enough about me. I’m dying to hear your news.
M: I am getting married.
W: No, you said you’d never get married.
M: That was then and this is now. You’ve got to meet Andrea, she’s great!
W: This is all news to me. I didn’t even know you were dating.
M: We weren’t. We’ve just been dating for two weeks now.
W: And you getting married?
M: I know. I can’t help it. I just know she’s the one.
W: Well, congratulations! That’s fantastic!
M: Thanks, I’m glad to hear you feel way.
23. What was the woman doing when the man last saw her?
24. Why does the woman say she was relieved?
25. Why is the woman surprised at the man’s news?
Section B
Passage One
Water scooters are water vehicles that look very much like motorcycles. Nowadays, speedy, colorful water scooters are gaining in popularity. They can travel anywhere a small boat can and particularly popular with young people. The rising popularity of the craft has raised the question of water scooter regulation. In this case, the argument for strict regulation is compelling. Water scooters are a particularly deadly form of water recreation. For example, two women were vacationing in Longboat Key while they were floating on the rubber boat along the shore, a water scooter crashed into them and kill them. Also water scooter operators have been killed or seriously injured in collisions with other water craft. Others have been stranded at the sea when their scooters either failed or sank far from shore. Many water scooter operators are inexperienced and ignorant of navigational rules, which increase the potential for accidents. The increasing popularity of the scooter has aggravated the problem, providing more water vehicles to compete for the same space. Crowded water waves are simply an open invitation to disaster. In addition to the inherent operational hazards of water scooters, they are proving to be an environmental nuisance. Beach residents complain of the noise of the scooters. The Pacific Whale Foundation on the west coast expressed concern that the scooters are frightening away an endangered species of whale that migrates to Hawaii for breeding. Regulations such as minimum operating age, restricted operating areas and compulsory classes in water safety are essential. Without such regulations, tragedies involving water scooters are sure to multiply, which makes many beaches unsafe for recreation.
26. What does the speaker say about water scooters?
27. What is mentioned as one of the causes of water accidents?
28. In what way are water scooters said to be an environmental nuisance?
29. What does the speaker propose to ensure the safety of beaches for recreation?
Passage Two 
It seems to me that neighbors are going out of style in America. The friend nest door from whom you borrowed for eggs or a ladder has moved and the people in there now are strangers. Some of the traditional stories of neighborliness are impractical or silly and maybe just as well that our relations with our neighbors are changing. The saying in the Bible “Love thy neighbor” was probably a poor translation of what must have originally been, “respect thy neighbor”. Love can be called up on order. Fewer than half the people in the United States live in the same house they lived in five years ago. So there is no reason to love the people who live next door to you, just because they happen to wander into a real estate office that listed the place next door to yours. The only thing neighbors have in common, to begin with, is proximity and unless something more develops that isn’t reason enough to be best friends. It sometimes happens naturally, but the chances are very small that your neighbors will be your choices friends or that you will be theirs, either. The best relationship with neighbors is one of friendly distance. You say “hello”, use small talk if you see them in the yard, you discuss problems as they arise and you help each other in an emergency. The drive way or the fence between you is not really a cold shoulder but a clear boundary. We all like clearly-defined boundaries for ourselves.
30. What does the speaker say about the relations among neighbors nowadays?
31. Why does speaker say it may be difficult for people to love their neighbors?
32. What should neighbors do in the speaker’s opinion?
Passage Three
Articles in magazines and newspapers and special reports on radio and television reflect the concern of many Americans about the increasing drop-out rate in our junior and senior high schools. Coupled with this fact is the warning that soon we will no longer have a work force to fill the many jobs that require properly educated personnel. The high student drop-out rate is not a recent development. Ten years ago, many urban schools were reporting drop-out rates between 35 and 50 percent. Some administrators maintain that drop-outs remain the single greatest problem in their schools. Consequently, much effort has been spent on identifying students with problems in order to give them more attention before they become failures. Since the drop-out problem doesn’t start in senior high school, special programs in junior high school focus on students who show promise but have a record of truancy—that is staying away from school without permission. Under the guidance of counselors, these students are placed in classes with teachers who have had success in working with similar young people. Strategies to motivate students in a high school include rewarding academic excellence by designating scholars of the month, or by issuing articles of clothing, such as school letter jackets formerly given only to athletes. No one working with these students claims to know how to keep all students in school. Counselors, teachers and administrators are in the frontlines of what seems at times to be a losing battle. Actually, this problem should be everyone’s concern since uneducated, unemployed citizens affect us all.
33. Why are many Americans concerned with the increasing drop-out rate in school?
34. What do we learn about the student drop-out problem in America?
35. What is mentioned as one of the strategies used to motivate students?
Section C
I’m interested in the criminal justice system of our country. It seems to me that something has to be done, if we’re to survive as a country. I certainly don’t know what the answers to our problems are. Things certainly get complicated in a hurry when you get into them, but I wonder if something couldn’t be done to deal with some of these problems. One thing I’m concerned about is our practice of putting offenders in jail who haven’t harmed anyone. Why not work out some system whereby they can pay back the debts they owe society instead of incurring another debt by going to prison and, of course, coming under the influence of course, coming under the influence of hardened criminals. I’m also concerned about he short prison sentences people are serving for serious crimes. Of course one alternative to this is to restore capital pu8nishment, but I’m not sure I would be for that. I’m not sure it’s right to take an eye . The alternative to capital punishment is longer sentences but they would certainly cost the tax-payers much money. I also think we must do something about the insanity plea. In my opinion, anyone who takes another person’s life intentionally is insane; however, that does not mean that the person isn’t guilty of the crime or that he shouldn’t pay society the debt he owes. It’s sad, of course, that a person may have to spend the rest of his life, or a large part of it in prison for acts that he committed while not in full control of his mind.


